[Human Computer Interaction]
Every device you use has an interface.
Some interfaces are awesome,
and others range from mildly frustrating
to throw-your-computer-off-a-building frustrating,
I wanted to see what it would be like,
if some humans acted like some computers.
Like when computers respond too slowly.
[Info: Adding 5 items to your cart]
Would you like a lemonade?
Ah, yes please.
Yes please.
Yes.
Yes I would like a lemonade.
Yes!
Five lemonades coming up!
Have you ever tried setting the time on one of these?
How many napkins would you like?
Ah, four please.
One?
No.
Two.
Three.
No.
Four.
No. Wait yes!
Five.
No.
Six.
Seven.
No.
Eight.
Nine.
No.
Ten.
One.
No.
Two.
Three.
No.
Four.
No. Wait!
Five.
[sigh] No.
Six.
Or when you're not expecting your phone to do this.
Say cheese!
["Cheese!"]
Oh sorry I'm out of storage!
["Awww"]
Oh excuse me, can I please have a glass of water?
Sorry but my order pad is out of space.
Oh it's alright it's just there you could just grab it.
Do you mind if I just get it?
As I said before my order pad is out of space.
For anyone to use a digital device,
they have to use an interface.
Having a good interface is critical
to the success of any software that you develop.
It's not just about where you place things
on the screen, or what colours you use.
It's about having an understanding
of both ends of the system.
The device, and the human.
The field of Human Computer Interaction, or HCI
Is about understanding how people think,
and how they behave. And coming up with ways
to help them avoid making mistakes
or getting frustrated with the digital device.
Would you like a lemonade?
[sigh]
Human Computer Interaction